Add secondary domain controler to an existing domain

1. Install OS MS Windows Server with latest updates

2. Change regional setings, time, date

3. Change computer name and add the server to the domain

4. Open Server Manager -> Manage -> Add Roles and Features -> Server Roles: Active Directory Domain Services add it 

5.(May not be required) If you have to raise functional levels:

From Active Directory Users and Computers right-click the domain node and then click Raise Domain Functional Level. 
From Active Directory Domains and Trusts, and then click Raise Forest Functional Level

6.(May not be required) If you have to change SYSVOL Replication method from File Replication Service (FRS) to Distributed File System Replication (DFSR):

dfsrmig /getglobalstate
Type dfsrmig /getmigrationstate to confirm all domain controllers have reached prepared state
dfsrmig /setglobalstate 2
Type dfsrmig /getmigrationstate to confirm all domain controllers have reached redirected state
dfsrmig /setglobalstate 3
Type dfsrmig /getmigrationstate to confirm all domain controllers have reached eliminated state
At last type net share command to chech Share names NETLOGON and SYSVOL C:\Windows\SYSVOL_DFSR\...

Also make sure in each domain controller FRS service is stopped and disabled. (Service name=ntFrs)
Get-Service ntfrs | select name, status, starttype

Check the service status and starttype by entering remote PS session on all DC.
Enter-PSsession -ComputerName localhost
Get-Service ntfrs | select name, status, starttype

7. Now we need to promote our new server to DC in our existing Domain.
7.1. Select Add a domain controller to an existing domain -> Next
7.2. Specify DNS Server, Global Catalog and DSRM password -> Next
7.3. Restart the computer after promoting to DC

8. Open cmd as administrator and type 'dcdiag' to check health status

9. Open cmd as administrator and type 'repadmin /replsum' to check replication status

10.(Only if you migrate DC) Open cmd as administrator
10.1. Type 'netdom query fsmo' to check Active Directory Domain Controler roles
10.2. If you have roles assigned to the old DC you need to migrate them before removing it out of the domain. On the new DC, open as administrator and type cmd > ntdsutil >roles> connections > connect to server dc2019.random.com 
server connections : q for existing credentials.
10.3. Each role is transfered seperatedly with the following commands:
'Transfer infrastructure master', 'Transfer naming master', 'Transfer PDC', 'Transfer RID master', 'Transfer Schema master'
10.4. To check if the migration of roles is successful type again 'netdom query fsmo'


